What I will need to do in my problem,
to solve to basically figure
out how to heat this red line,
into the green line I can minimize
the loss function, right?
And I can do it several ways, I can just
randomly modify w's and b's, by weight and
by bias, right, and see what's
the current value of the lost function.
And then just choose the set were w and
b gives me the smallest loss function,
but it's random guessing, right, and
it will take me forever just to go through
all of those combinations of w's and b's.
So, we need somehow to get to those
proper w's and b's by doing something with
them and probably is differentiation,
right, so that's what neural networks
doing during the back propagation.
They also looking at where we should go,
basically how we should
change change w's and
b's to make our loss
function slightly smaller.
So, let's implement this, right, so
[SOUND] what we'll do is the following.
So I'm trying to reproduce right
now what neural network is
doing during the training and we will
be using methods similar to basically.
So first we need to specify
what is our learning_rate.
And the learning rate is usually defined,
because when you
calculate the slope where it should go,
you want to go there slowly.
Let's say we have some
independent parameters, right?
In our case, we just simply playing
with the w's and b's, right?
So let's say that's our bias and
loss function depends on bias
something like this, right,
and last function is just the error.
So kind of how far away in our
case this line we're trying
to fit into the distribution, how far
it is from all those points, right?
It's all this average squared
distances between the line and
as soon as we get to this ideal position,
we will be at this point.
But we starting from somewhere random,
right, so
that will be, actually,
let me just draw it with a green line,
so let's say that's our
initial init guess.
The reason why we want to have learning
rate because after you have calculated
the gradient, after you have calculated
the direction where you need to go.
So basically gradient will tell you, okay,
it looks like you need to go this way
to minimize the loss function, right?
If you not apply learning
rate what might happen,
it might say you need to change your b,
so there's delta b,
can be too big and you can overshoot.
Well, we basically going this direction,
but delta b can be anything for
instance, we can end up
being somewhere over here.
So that's gonna be our b new.
And that's gonna be out next set of b's,
and
we will do the same thing with w, right?
So for w, this loss function
might look slightly different.
So, we also probably started,
let's say that was our original w zero.
And if we're not accurate
with our learning rate,
we might, for instance,
go this direction but
might overshoot and
get to w1 somewhere over here.
And in worst case scenario,
what might happen you might kind
of jump in out of your minimum.
That's not what you want and
learning rate allows you to simply go to
the direction where we should get
to the minimum but not overshoot.
So what it's doing is just taking this w,
delta b and
multiplying by learning rate, so
instead of jumping all to here,
we'll only jump
to let's say here and
the next b will be this one.
And then learning rates simply
gonna get us on the next step,
this value, and
hopefully we'll end up somewhere close.
But you can see, for instance, I'm in the
distribution right now with this learning
rate, where I will be jumping around
the minimum but not gonna get to it.
So there are a couple of tricks for
instance,
learning rates can be decreased as you go.
So you can get to the point where
you almost like isolating around
minimum points, you're shrinking the
learning rates and getting closer to it.